Add documentation for pubsub shard. (#1717)
redis/redis-doc: commands/spublish.md

Posts a message to the given shard channel.

> In a Redis Cluster clients can publish to primary node (owner of the slot). The cluster makes sure that published messages are forwarded to all the node in the shard, clients can subscribe to any shard channel by connecting to any one of the nodes in the shard.

Reviewer: Minor suggested tweaks for wording.

```suggestion
In Redis Cluster, shard channels are assigned to slots by the same algorithm used to assign keys to slots. A shard message must be sent to a node that own the slot the shard channel is hashed to. The cluster makes sure that published shard messages are forwarded to all the node in the shard, so clients can subscribe to a shard channel by connecting to any one of the nodes in the shard.
```
